# Generative Deep Learning
Platform: JAKARTA EE 10, jdk17, microprofile

Intelligence APIs: Tensorflow

Server: Payara 6

Date: oct/02/2024

## What is Generative Modeling

Is a branch of machine learning that involves training a model to produce new data that is similar to a given 
dataset.

In order to build a generative model, we requiere a **dataset** consisting of many examples of the entity we are
trying to generate.  This is known as the **training data**, and one such data points is call an **observation**.

Each observation consist of many **features**.  It is our goal to build a model that can generate new sets of **features** that 
look as if they have been created using same rules as the original data.

A generative model must also be probabilistic rather than deterministic, because we want to be able to sample many 
different variations of the output, rather than get the same output every time.

Our model must include a random component that influences the individual samples generated by the model.

## Generative Modeling Framework
- We have a dataset of observation _X_
- We assume that the observations have been generated according to some unknown distribution. _Pdata_
- We want to build a generative model _Pmodel_ that mimics _Pdata_. If we achieve this goal, we can sample from _Pmodel_
  to generate observations that appear to have been drawn from _Pdata_.
- Therefore, the desiderable properties of _Pmodel_ are:
  - Accuracy
  - Generation
  - Representation

